<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Simple Windows VM with the Azure Monitor Agent and Diagnostic Settings configured

This example demonstrates the creation of a simple Windows Server 2022 VM with the following features:

    - a single private IPv4 address
    - a single default OS 128gb OS disk
    - an autogenerated password that is stored as a secret in the key vault resource.
    - an optional bastion resource that can be deployed by uncommenting the bastion elements in the example
    - an extension resource that installs the Azure monitor Agent

It includes the following resources in addition to the VM resource:

    - A Vnet with two subnets
    - A keyvault for storing the login secrets
    - a log analytics workspace for the logs and metrics
    - a data collection rule configuring the vm logs and metrics to be sent to the log analytics workspace
    - An optional subnet, public ip, and bastion which can be enabled by uncommenting the bastion resources when running the example.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.6.0)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (>= 3.7.0, < 4.0.0)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 3.5.0, < 4.0.0)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_azuread"></a> [azuread](#provider\_azuread)

- <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) (>= 3.7.0, < 4.0.0)

- <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) (>= 3.5.0, < 4.0.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.this_workspace](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/log_analytics_workspace) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule.test](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_data_collection_rule) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_data_collection_rule_association.this_rule_association](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_data_collection_rule_association) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group.this_rg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.this_subnet_1](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_subnet.this_subnet_2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/subnet) (resource)
- [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.example_identity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) (resource)
- [azurerm_virtual_network.this_vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_network) (resource)
- [random_integer.region_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [random_integer.zone_index](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/integer) (resource)
- [azuread_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

No required inputs.

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_vm"></a> [vm](#output\_vm)

Description: n/a

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_avm-res-keyvault-vault"></a> [avm-res-keyvault-vault](#module\_avm-res-keyvault-vault)

Source: Azure/avm-res-keyvault-vault/azurerm

Version: >= 0.5.0

### <a name="module_naming"></a> [naming](#module\_naming)

Source: Azure/naming/azurerm

Version: >= 0.3.0

### <a name="module_regions"></a> [regions](#module\_regions)

Source: Azure/regions/azurerm

Version: >= 0.4.0

### <a name="module_testvm"></a> [testvm](#module\_testvm)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->